# News #
  * August 23, 2011: It's been quiet on the news page, but this is an announcement that work is being done on a PorPOISe update to support the upcoming Layar 6.0 version (Layar Vision). When is still a bit misty as it depends on available time, but we can confirm that it well be available, probably somewhere in September.
  * May 19, 2011: Release of version 1.1b. This release (together with 1.1a) consists of minor bug fixes for the stuff introduced in 1.1, together with a special behavior compensating a scaling bug in Layar 5.0.2 for iPhone
  * March 10, 2011: Released version 1.1, now with support for animations! This release also has cleaner support for UTF-8 input/output in the dashboard. If you edit XML by hand and use "special" (i.e. letters with diacritics or other characters that are not in the ASCII character set), make sure that your editor saves the XML as UTF-8.
  * December 12, 2010: Released version 1.0a which includes some bug fixes for UTF-8 XML content and removes `timestamp` from the list of required parameters which caused problems with newer layers where timestamp wasn't included in the request anymore.
  * September 3, 2010: Released PorPOISe 1.0 today! This version is fully compatible with the upcoming Layar version 4.0. It is also better structured to make upgrading in the future easier and contains some performance optimalizations, including response caching and leaving out unnecessary parameters when their value is equal to the default Layar expects. Please read CHANGELOG, UPGRADING, INSTALL and README for all the details.
  * August 17, 2010: Released first beta version of PorPOISe 1.0. Check the CHANGELOG, UPGRADING, INSTALL and README files to see what all has changed.
  * January 18, 2010: Released PorPOISe 0.7. In this release, the `POICollector` framework has been rewritten. `POICollectors` are now called `POIConnectors` and it is easier to extend them to create your own filters. See the wiki item [Filters](Filters.md) for more info. This release also adds the first support for authenticated layers and integration with third party services that support OAuth, such as Twitter. Take a look at `web-app.class.php` if you want to know more.
  * December 17, 2009: Released PorPOISe 0.51. This adds support for actions to the Dashboard.
  * December 14, 2009: Released PorPOISe 0.5. This release features the first version of a web interface for managing POIs, the Dashboard. Features are limited but you can now view, add and remove POIs through a GUI rather than by editing files directly. Support for adding actions to POIs is still being developed. This release also adds full support for Layar v3 layers, also known as Layar 3D.
  * December 02, 2009: Released PorPOISe 0.3. This release adds support for XSLT transformation to the XMLPOICollector (use the "setStyleSheet" method) and better handling of UTF-8 data through the SQLPOICollector by forcing MySQL to use UTF-8. This should fix problems with diacritic characters. Thanks to all contributors for posting your modifications in the Google Group.
  * November 26, 2009: Created a [Google Group](http://groups.google.com/group/porpoise) for PorPOISe to discuss bugs and additions.
  * November 06, 2009: The [Royal Botanic Gardens of Kew](http://www.kew.org/) have published a layer based on PorPOISe.
  * November 05, 2009: Verson 0.2a of PorPOISe fixes a bug where the "type" field in a hotspot reponse had the wrong data type. There are no functional changes in this release from 0.2.
  * October 28, 2009: Version 0.2 of PorPOISe is now available. You can now use XML files as data sources as well as plain text files and SQL databases.
  * October 28, 2009: Version 0.1 of PorPOISe is the first public release.