#summary Overview of newsworthy occurences regarding PorPOISe and Layar
#labels Featured

=News=
  * December 14, 2009: Release PorPOISe 0.5. This release features the first version of a web interface for managing POIs, the Dashboard. Features are limited but you can now view, add and remove POIs through a GUI rather than by editing files directly. Support for adding actions to POIs is still being developed. This release also adds full support for Layar v3 layers, also known as Layar 3D.
  * December 02, 2009: Released PorPOISe 0.3. This release adds support for XSLT transformation to the XMLPOICollector (use the "setStyleSheet" method) and better handling of UTF-8 data through the SQLPOICollector by forcing MySQL to use UTF-8. This should fix problems with diacritic characters. Thanks to all contributors for posting your modifications in the Google Group.
  * November 26, 2009: Created a [http://groups.google.com/group/porpoise Google Group] for PorPOISe to discuss bugs and additions.
  * November 06, 2009: The [http://www.kew.org/ Royal Botanic Gardens of Kew] have published a layer based on PorPOISe.
  * November 05, 2009: Verson 0.2a of PorPOISe fixes a bug where the "type" field in a hotspot reponse had the wrong data type. There are no functional changes in this release from 0.2.
  * October 28, 2009: Version 0.2 of PorPOISe is now available. You can now use XML files as data sources as well as plain text files and SQL databases.
  * October 28, 2009: Version 0.1 of PorPOISe is the first public release.